[KIP-848] Added migration guide and removed preview warning (#5210)
confluentinc/librdkafka: INTRODUCTION.md

                          void *opaque) {
    switch (err) {
    case RD_KAFKA_RESP_ERR__ASSIGN_PARTITIONS:
        rd_kafka_incremental_assign(rk, partitions); /* incremental partitions only */
        break;

    case RD_KAFKA_RESP_ERR__REVOKE_PARTITIONS:
        rd_kafka_incremental_unassign(rk, partitions);
        break;

    default:
        fprintf(stderr, "Rebalance error: %s\n", rd_kafka_err2str(err));
        break;
    }
}
```
**Note:**
- The `partitions` list contains **only partitions being added or revoked**, not the full partition list as in the classic `rd_kafka_assign()`.
- Incremental assignors (including range) are **supported in both classic and KIP-848 protocols**, but this callback is required for KIP-848.

<a name="online-upgrade-and-downgrade"></a>
#### Online Upgrade and Downgrade

- A group made up entirely of `classic` consumers runs under the classic protocol.
- The group is **upgraded to the consumer protocol** as soon as at least one `consumer` protocol member joins.
- The group is **downgraded back to the classic protocol** if the last `consumer` protocol member leaves while `classic` members remain.

> - Both **online upgrade** (classic → consumer) and **online downgrade** (consumer → classic) are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both **rolling upgrade** (classic → consumer) and **rolling downgrade** (consumer → classic) are supported.
- A group can be upgraded even if isn't subscribing and using the `classic` protocol, that is when partitions are assigned by the application and offsets committed to the broker with given `group.id`.
```

<a name="migration-checklist-next-gen-protocol--kip-848"></a>
#### Migration Checklist (Next-Gen Protocol / KIP-848)

> - [ ] Upgrade to **librdkafka ≥ 2.12.0** (GA release)
> - [ ] Run against **Kafka brokers ≥ 4.0.0**
> - [ ] Set `group.protocol=consumer`

Reviewer: Given it's not an interactive checklist we can have numbers here:
```suggestion
1. Upgrade to **librdkafka ≥ 2.12.0** (GA release)
2. Run against **Kafka brokers ≥ 4.0.0**
3. Set `group.protocol=consumer`
```
